# DesignAnalysisAlgorithms
Contains Program Codes for Design Techniques present in DAA

DAA1(1).ipynb file contains - Code  to find the Minimum and Maximum elements in the given array using
Min-Max Algorithm based on Divide and Conquer Strategy.

DAA3_(2).ipynb file contains - Code to find max travelling to different cities in given time frame

DAA4.ipynb file contains - Code for the given problem statement:
In the single-machine scheduling problem, we are given a set of n jobs J. Each job i
has a deadline di, start time si and profit pi. We have n jobs to execute, each one of
which takes a unit time to process. At any time instant, we can do only one job.
Doing a job i earns a profit pi. The deadline for a job i is di. Generate an optimized
solution to select the largest set of mutually compatible jobs and calculate the
number of tasks completed and total profit generated by the machine. The greedy
algorithm for single-machine scheduling selects the job with the earliest deadline
first.

Huffman.ipynb file contains code for Huffman Encoding :
problem statement:
There are two business people who communicate daily to discuss their daily tasks and
strategies. Assume during communication persons A and B are passing the message of
variable length. Write a data compression algorithm to lower their cost of
communication.

TSP_(1).ipynb file contains code for Travelling Salesman Problem:
A traveling salesman is getting ready for a big sales tour. Starting at his
hometown, suitcase in hand, he will conduct a journey in which each of his target
cities is visited exactly once before he returns home. Given the pairwise distances
between cities, what is the best order in which to visit them, so as to minimize the
overall distance traveled?

daa6.ipynb file contains code for finding Hamiltonion Cycle

daa8.ipynb file contains code for Graph Coloring Problem
